VPC-Section-Formatting (#141)
C2Devel/terraform-provider-croccloud: docs/resources/default_security_group.md

For more information about default security groups, see the documentation on [default security groups][default-security-groups]. To manage normal security groups, see the [`aws_security_group`](security_group.md) resource.

## Example usage

The following config gives the default security group the same rules that the cloud provides by default but under management by Terraform. This means that any ingress or egress rules added or changed will be detected as drift.

> ### Basic example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Basic example

The following config gives the default security group the same rules that the cloud provides by default but under management by Terraform. This means that any ingress or egress rules added or changed will be detected as drift.
```

For more information about default security groups, see the documentation on [default security groups][default-security-groups]. To manage normal security groups, see the [`aws_security_group`](security_group.md) resource.

## Example usage

> The following config gives the default security group the same rules that the cloud provides by default but under management by Terraform. This means that any ingress or egress rules added or changed will be detected as drift.

Reviewer: Этот кусок переехал ниже, тут нужно удалить

}
```

### Removing `aws_default_security_group` from your configuration

Removing this resource from your configuration will remove it from your statefile and management, but will not destroy the security group.
All ingress or egress rules will be left as they are at the time of removal. You can resume managing them via the cloud console.

## Argument reference

The following arguments are optional:

> * `egress` - (Optional, [Block](#egress-and-ingress)) Specifies an egress rule (for outgoing traffic).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `egress` - (Optional, [Block](#egress-and-ingress)) One or more egress rules (for outgoing traffic).
```

* `ingress` - (Optional, [Block](#egress-and-ingress)) Specifies an ingress rule (for incoming traffic).
* `tags` - (Optional, Map of strings) Key-value pairs to assign to the resource. If a provider [default_tags configuration block][default-tags] is used, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider level.
* `vpc_id` - (Optional, Forces new resource, String) The ID of the VPC.

~> **Note** Changing the `vpc_id` argument value will _not_ restore any default security group rules that were modified, added, or removed.
            They will be left in its current state.

### egress and ingress

Both arguments are processed in [attribute-as-blocks mode][attribute-as-blocks].

Both `egress` and `ingress` objects have the same arguments.

The following arguments are required:

> * `from_port` - (Required, Integer) The start range port (or ICMP message type number if protocol is `icmp`).

Reviewer 2: я бы сделал аналогично [aws_default_network_acl] и в других местах
```suggestion
* `from_port` - (Required, Integer) The start of the port range (or ICMP message type number if protocol is `icmp`).
```

* `protocol` - (Required, String) The protocol to match.
    * _Constraints:_
        * If using the `-1` value (semantically equivalent to `all`, which is not a valid value here), you must specify the `from_port` and `to_port` arguments values equal to `0`
        * If the `protocol` value is not `icmp`, `tcp`, `udp`, or `-1`, then refer to the [protocol number](https://www.iana.org/assignments/protocol-numbers/protocol-numbers.xhtml) for detailed information

> * `to_port` - (Required, Integer) The end range port (or ICMP message code if protocol is `icmp`).

Reviewer 2: я бы сделал аналогично [aws_default_network_acl] и в других местах

```suggestion
* `to_port` - (Required, Integer) The end of the port range (or ICMP message code if protocol is `icmp`).
```

The following arguments are optional:

> * `cidr_blocks` - (Optional, List of strings) The list of CIDR blocks.

Reviewer 2: здесь пишем The list, а где-то просто List

Author: List остался в других секциях, не VPC, и там поменяем в свое время)

* `description` - (Optional, String) The description of this rule.
* `ipv6_cidr_blocks` - (Optional, List of strings) The list of IPv6 CIDR blocks.
* `security_groups` - (Optional, List of strings) The list of security group names or IDs.
* `self` - (Optional, Boolean) Indicates whether the security group itself will be added as a source to this egress rule.
    * _Default value:_ `false`

## Attribute reference

### Supported attributes

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the security group.

> * `description` - (String) Description of the security group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `description` - (String) The description of the security group.
```

* `id` - (String)  The ID of the security group.
* `name` - (String) The name of the security group.
* `owner_id` - (String) The ID of the project that owns the security group.
* `tags_all` - (Map of strings) Key-value pairs assigned to the resource, including any tags inherited from the provider [default_tags configuration block][default-tags].

### Unsupported attributes

~> **Note** This attribute may be present in the `terraform.tfstate` file, but it has a preset value and cannot be specified in configuration files.

The following attributes are not currently supported:

> `prefix_list_ids`, `revoke_rules_on_delete`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`egress.prefix_list_ids`, `ingress.prefix_list_ids`, `revoke_rules_on_delete`.
```

}
```

### Removing `aws_default_security_group` from your configuration

Removing this resource from your configuration will remove it from your statefile and management, but will not destroy the security group.
All ingress or egress rules will be left as they are at the time of removal. You can resume managing them via the cloud console.

## Argument reference

The following arguments are optional:

* `egress` - (Optional, Editable, [Block](#egress-and-ingress)) One or more egress rules (for outgoing traffic).

> * `ingress` - (Optional, Editable, [Block](#egress-and-ingress)) Specifies an ingress rule (for incoming traffic).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ingress` - (Optional, Editable, [Block](#egress-and-ingress)) One or more egress rules (for incoming traffic).
```

Это будет работать для всех блоков, у которых в схеме нет ограничений на количество. Такой формат описания можно распространить.

The following arguments are optional:

> * `egress` - (Optional, VPC only) Configuration block. See [egress and ingress](#egress-and-ingress) below for more details.

Reviewer 2: Тип

Author: тип указан, коммент почему-то не зарезолвлен

> * `ingress` - (Optional) Configuration block. See [egress and ingress](#egress-and-ingress) below for more details.

Reviewer 2: Тип

* `tags` - (Optional, Map of strings) Key-value pairs to assign to the resource. If a provider [default_tags configuration block][default-tags] is used, tags with matching keys will overwrite those defined at the provider level.
* `vpc_id` - (Optional, Forces new resource, String) The ID of the VPC.

~> **Note** Changing the `vpc_id` argument value will _not_ restore any default security group rules that were modified, added, or removed. They will be left in its current state.

### egress and ingress

Both arguments are processed in [attribute-as-blocks mode][attribute-as-blocks].

Both `egress` and `ingress` objects have the same arguments.

The following arguments are required:

> * `from_port` - (Required, Integer) The start range port (or ICMP message type number if protocol is `icmp`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `from_port` - (Required, Integer) The start range port (or ICMP message type number if protocol is `icmp`).
```

* `protocol` - (Required, String) The protocol to match.
    * _Constraints:_

>         * If using the `-1` value (semantically equivalent to `all`, which is not a valid value here), you must specify the `from_port` and `to_port` arguments values equal to `0`.

Reviewer 2: без тчк

>         * If the `protocol` value is not `icmp`, `tcp`, `udp`, or `-1`, then refer to the [protocol number](https://www.iana.org/assignments/protocol-numbers/protocol-numbers.xhtml) for detailed information.

Reviewer 2: без тчк

* `to_port` - (Required, Integer) The end range port (or ICMP message code if protocol is `icmp`).

The following arguments are optional:

* `cidr_blocks` - (Optional, List of strings) The list of CIDR blocks.
* `description` - (Optional, String) The description of this rule.
* `ipv6_cidr_blocks` - (Optional, List of strings) The list of IPv6 CIDR blocks.
* `security_groups` - (Optional, List of strings) The list of security group names or IDs.
* `self` - (Optional, Boolean) Indicates whether the security group itself will be added as a source to this egress rule.
    * _Default value:_ `false`

## Attribute Reference

### Supported attributes

In addition to all arguments above, the following attributes are exported:

* `arn` - (String) The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the security group.
* `description` - (String) Description of the security group.
* `id` - (String)  The ID of the security group.

> * `name` - (String) Name of the security group.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `name` - (String) The name of the security group.
```

* `owner_id` - (String) The project ID.

> * `tags_all` - (Map of strings) Key-value pairs assigned to the resource, including the inherited from the provider [default_tags configuration block][default-tags].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `tags_all` - (Map of strings) Key-value pairs assigned to the resource, including those inherited from the provider [default_tags configuration block][default-tags].
```

### Unsupported attributes

~> **Note** This attribute may be present in the `terraform.tfstate` file, but it has a preset value and cannot be specified in configuration files.

> The following attribute is not currently supported: `prefix_list_ids`, `revoke_rules_on_delete`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following attribute is not currently supported: 

`prefix_list_ids`, `revoke_rules_on_delete`.
```

> * `egress` - (Optional, VPC only) Configuration block. Detailed below.

Reviewer 2: ссылки на блок и оформление (в других местах тоже)

### egress and ingress

Both arguments are processed in [attribute-as-blocks mode][attribute-as-blocks].

Both `egress` and `ingress` objects have the same arguments.

The following arguments are required:

* `from_port` - (Required) (Int) Start range port (or ICMP message type number if protocol is `icmp`)
* `protocol` - (Required) (String) Protocol. If you select a protocol of "-1" (semantically equivalent to `all`, which is not a valid value here), you must specify a `from_port` and `to_port` equal to `0`. If not `icmp`, `tcp`, `udp`, or `-1` use the [protocol number](https://www.iana.org/assignments/protocol-numbers/protocol-numbers.xhtml).
* `to_port` - (Required) (Int) End range port (or ICMP message code if protocol is `icmp`).

The following arguments are optional:

* `cidr_blocks` - (Optional) (List of strings) List of CIDR blocks.
* `description` - (Optional) (String) Description of this rule.
* `ipv6_cidr_blocks` - (Optional) (Set of strings) List of IPv6 CIDR blocks.
* `security_groups` - (Optional) (Set of strings) List of security group names or IDs.

> * `self` - (Optional) (Bool) Whether the security group itself will be added as a source to this egress rule.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* `self` - (Optional, Boolean) Indicates whether the security group itself will be added as a source to this egress rule.
```
